Add documentation for certificate expiry alerts. (#942)
nginx/documentation: content/includes/nginx-one/alert-labels.md

| NGINXOffline                  | An NGINX instance is now offline                                   | Major           | Verify the host is online. Check the NGINX Agent's status on the instance and ensure it is connected to the NGINX One Console. |
| NGINXUnavailable              | An NGINX instance is now unavailable                               | Major           | Ensure the NGINX Agent and host are active. Verify the NGINX Agent can connect to the NGINX One Console and resolve any network issues. |
| NewNGINX                      | A new NGINX instance has connected to NGINX One                   | Minor           | Review the instance details in the NGINX One Console. Confirm availability, CVEs, and recommendations to ensure the instance is operational. |

> | NGINXCertificateExpired       | A certificate on an NGINX Instance or Config Sync Group has expired | Critical      | Get a new certificate from your Certificate Authority. Update the TLS/SSL certificate in the NGINX One console.  |
> | NGINXCertificateExpiring      | A certificate on an NGINX Instance or Config Sync Group is expiring soon  | Major   | Renew the certificate through your Certificate Authority. Update the TLS/SSL certificate in the NGINX One console.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| NGINXCertificateExpired  | A certificate on an NGINX instance or Config Sync Group has expired  | Critical | Get a new certificate from your certificate authority, then update the TLS/SSL certificate in the NGINX One Console. |
| NGINXCertificateExpiring | A certificate on an NGINX instance or Config Sync Group will expire soon | Major    | Renew the certificate through your certificate authority, then update the TLS/SSL certificate in the NGINX One Console. |
```
